Welcome to the principles of data science lesson.
Data science has been rising in the hype cycle for many years.
Businesses often suspect that they want
data science capabilities and may even sense a need for data science capabilities,
but many are not sure where to start.
What is data science?
Who is a data scientist?
What is possible through data science?
All these questions are addressed in this lesson,
which provides a broad introduction to data science and what it can do for a business.
In this lesson, you will see over 20 different examples of data science projects.
You'll be able to grasp the art of the possible,
with regard to how your business can benefit from data science.
You should leave this lesson having fostered an instinct
for what makes a business problem addressable through data science.